Add whitelisted version of swaps contract (#49)
tqtezos/minter-sdk: contracts/ligo/src/swaps/README.md

1. Forbid empty offered/requested assets to avoid user's mistakes.
2. Preserve info about resolved swaps in storage - decided not to go with this is favor of using blockchain explorers.

## Whitelisted extension

This contract additionally provides a way to restrict the set of allowed FA2 tokens that can participate in exchanges.
This set is managed by the administrator entity.

Source code: [ligo](fa2_whitelisted_swap.mligo).

### Contract parts

The plan is to develop one contract consisting of few components that can be reused for other purposes.

The contract ha sto consist of the following parts:
1. Base swap contract;

> 2. Simple administrator contract. As base we will pick the existing [`simple_admin` contract](https://github.com/tqtezos/minter-sdk/blob/e7f441ea43e57a81cccb8dbda16cbd70481afd1b/contracts/ligo/fa2_modules/simple_admin.mligo) that is already present in `minter-sdk` repository. We will strip the current pausing functionality. Except for that, the storage, entrypoints and semantics should be inherited.

Author: Yeah, had to reread the readme thoroughly taking the numerous applied changes into account :facepalm:

> 3. Whitelisting component and the swaps contract with whitelisting itself.

Author: Strictly speaking, it does not add the capabilities to the swaps contract, the contract remains immutable and we add a separate contract. I'm afraid that with this phrasing the point may be understood wrong :thinking:

> 3. Whitelisting component and the swaps contract with whitelisting itself.

Reviewer: Hm how about this:

```
3. Whitelisting component (reuses the swaps contract and implements the whitelisting capabilities)
```

> 3. Whitelisting component and the swaps contract with whitelisting itself.

Author: Sounds good, thanks. Applying

The last point will be described further in this document.

<a name="whitelist-types"></a>
### Types

The storage of the whitelist component is solely `big_map address ()`.

<a name="whitelist-entrypoints"></a>
### Entrypoints

#### Update whitelist

```ocaml
| Update_allowed of address list
```

> This entrypoint allows setting a new whitelist, while discarding the old whitelist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This entrypoint allows setting a new whitelist, overriding the current one.
```
Nitpick, but I think it's more clearly worded this way.

> 

Reviewer 2: As I was saying in the other thread I think we should add a simple line here to mention why we get a `big_map`

Author: Yeah, right.
